{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red246\green246\blue246;\red38\green38\blue38;
\red14\green14\blue14;\red255\green255\blue255;\red47\green102\blue178;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c97255\c97255\c97255;\cssrgb\c20000\c20000\c20000;
\cssrgb\c6667\c6667\c6667;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c23529\c48627\c75294;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs37\fsmilli18944 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Lab 3 - Scrolling output\cf4 \cb1 \strokec4 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\fs25\fsmilli12800 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl360\sa315\partightenfactor0

\f1\b\fs31\fsmilli15757 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl325\sa260\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf4 \cb6 \strokec4 Learning Goals:
\f0\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl325\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Learn how to use more complicated forms of output.\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cf4 \cb6 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec4 Get practice setting up circuits using a schematic.\cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl325\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf4 \cb6 \strokec4 Prelab:
\f0\b0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf5 \cb6 Follow this tutorial to get your LCD screen scrolling hello world:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/LiquidCrystalScroll"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2 \cf7 \strokec7 https://www.arduino.cc/en/Tutorial/LiquidCrystalScroll}}\cb1 \
\cb6 Note that the written instructions on hooking up your LCD screen are incomplete - make sure to follow the schematic! \'a0The potentiometer will control the screen brightness.
\f2 \cf4 \strokec4 \uc0\u8232 \u8232 \u8232 
\f3\b Lab:
\f2\b0 \uc0\u8232 Display your name and your favorite quote appear on the 16x2 display, name on first line and quote on the second line. The quote should not all fit on the screen and so should scroll across the screen. Your name should not scroll across the screen, only the quote should scroll. \'a0
\f0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl325\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f3\b \cf4 \cb6 \strokec4 Academic Integrity Guidelines:
\f2\b0 \'a0You will need to implement your own scrolling method. \'a0You should write this on your own, without consulting any internet resources other than those provided by the professor or TAs. \'a0Turning in code based on internet solutions for this will be considered a violation of the academic integrity policy, and reported to the dean of students. \'a0This is an individual assignment, and you should not show anyone your code or look at anyone else's code.
\f0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl325\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f2 \cf4 \cb6 \strokec4 Your circuit needs to be checked out, and the code submitted to blackboard, before 2pm on 9/26.
\f0 \cf5 \cb1 \strokec5 \
}